Which modern invention is essential for you and your family and which one could you and your family live without? Explain your views. (2018)

“The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don’t really even notice it, so it’s part of everyday life.”, this quote from Bill Gates underscores the seamless integration of modern inventions into our day-to-day routines. From smartphones that keep us constantly connected, to household appliances that make chores more efficient, technology has become almost invisible, yet utterly indispensable. However, not every invention is equally crucial; while some devices ensure our family’s comfort and convenience, others may be more of a luxury than a necessity
 
First and foremost, one of the most paramount modern inventions that are indispensable for me and my family is digital device such as smartphone.  It has a positive impact on family life as it enables family members to stay closely connected with each other through the usage of advancement in communication technology. For instance, my sister works in Hong Kong, I study in Singapore, and my mother lives in Beijing. For my family, it is commonplace to have us all scattered around the world, with limited physical interactions among us. With the advent of the digital devices and communication apps, we can video call and stay in touch with each other easily. Therefore, digital devices facilitate interactions among family members who are geographically distant, largely improve our family life.
